hey guys what's up a time for logic I am
back making my first videos for like
it's been like a week in a few days and
I haven't met II I haven't video I've
not made a video in that long I can know
what to believe it but yes I've been
gone on a trip to Mexico a missions trip
I fact with my youth group at church and
it was amazing best trip I've ever been
on as a matter of fact oh shoot I say
okay so I forgot we're actually quite of
ways into this and we've opened some
doors and I'm probably a little a little
um how do you say rusty there we go yeah
cuz I'm feeling like I've been doing a
lot to video games as in like I didn't
have a single bit of electronics over
that one week period so i'm going to be
a little rusty on commentating and
playing probably etc so sorry about that
but you gotta do what you gotta do and
yeah so I've turned up the game audio
it's got to be a little weird for me
because it's gonna be really loud but I
think it's going to be awesome that you
guys can hear the in-game audio so
that's a big big step there oh gosh I'm
failing it controlling myself I can
never get these grenades to get any
points seems like get me a point there
we go efrain a give me a lot alright so
this gun is actually on the wall over
there oh I don't need that and I'm i can
go buy it AML for any time so i don't
really need to worry about wasting ammo
let's grab that come to Papa whoa weird
is going on all to crawler army knife oh
it's not my knife boom big baller what
the heck is that I guess it's an
achievement okay um let's go buy Sam a
Mon ition a Mon additions that sound
good wait can you tap can you teleport
in this i dont rember all you can
activate the teleporter i had forgotten
that the actual
Pocket Edition haha they should call it
call daddy zombies Pocket Edition and
that'll be a claim that be a copy of a
politician just kidding but um yeah and
hopefully okay so if you guys saw the
number episode one of the reefs um you
saw the quality was probably not the
best I mean for one I'm not on the HD
version because of the way the HD
version does not have the reefs as I
said last time so I have to play on the
non HD version but that's that's okay
anyway but i also just uploaded it
straight from my ipad so the quality was
not not good and this prior like i'd say
720p and I mean that that's okay that's
the jack first minor uploads in but
combined is only being 720p and then
also not be an HD version the video was
not the best quality and but i still
think people enjoyed it and i'm going to
continue this series and the reason i'm
uploading this on monday instead of on a
FPS friday is because i missed last
friday and not missed it but like oh
crap i was gone for it so I'm just kind
of load now instead if that makes any
sense oh crap crap crap crap what room
all right holy Bob Saget all right hmm
no no no no no no no oh gosh oh gosh I i
if I get hit one more time I think I'm
dead i'm good who got him get him get
him good right throw that in there that
was a horrible throw that was horrible
that should give me some good points
that was a lot of crawlers ready
and I just love it look at the points
look at all the points role in the
authors an insta-kill I'm getting it I'm
getting it ciao oh gosh I was falling in
love no life and crawlers all day long
when she walked in she was holding their
knife in this
wherever you I like that song actually
quite a bit it's a good song and
Dreamweaver I don't know how loud that
is I really don't sorry guys if Sam's
guitar down one sorry i don't know if
it's good bad i don't know cuz it's
louder for me than it is for you so you
know it kind of ruins it but anyway I'm
dreamweaver the people that made trade
shop at the parody of thrift shop made
one more parity or another parody of
cruise by Florida Georgia liners it's
like you know song and I was just
singing they have your song oh my window
down and cruise yeah it's pretty awesome
it was like ah it's called it's called
cruise but it said it's like when you
play alone you made me want to throw my
mine cart down and oh gosh and it
doesn't say that this is babe when you
play along you make me want to throw my
mine cart down increase yeah so pretty
cool and it's like a bunch of other
stuff that I don't remember of the song
but it's really good parity really good
quality I'm they don't animate but they
have like the HD texture or whatever it
is mixed with some awesome awesome
computers there's not much lag or
anything it's really it's really nice oh
it's a double points oh it's a double
points at the double points stupid of me
I'm stupid I'm stupid I'm an idiot all
right here we go let's throw that Nate
down and we're gonna do a train we're
gonna go over there and we're going to
do our little points get er area alright
19 seconds that's not much time that is
not much time at all come on I need them
to hurry up so I can shoot them for true
for a little bit come on come on come on
ten seconds that's not much time here we
go wow I just wasted that double points
come on don't point oh wow okay I have a
lot of money now all right so I'm gonna
save a guy i don't know if i have any
crawlers crap no boom boom boom boom
boom die already oh gosh there's more
than I thought and they're behind me and
they're behind me oh crap okay okay okay
holy crap there's actually a lot of it
no haha
oh dang it round 12 I was not good not
good at all well anyway guys thanks for
watching haha short video today but um
that's just my first triad to Reese on
iOS for this channel and what will get
far the next time I don't know leave a
comment saying if I should retry to
resit if I should you Nocturne toten
because I was the only 2 i'm going to
play on this so either retry to Reese
Nocturne toten monitor Kombat 4 or nova
just put that in the comments section
which what i should do next i may i may
choose one myself but i'll take that
into consideration for run after that
and etc but thanks for watching I'll see
you guys in my next video